[ Task ] Update README.md (#65)
ProjektGopher/whisky: README.md

For a complete list of supported git hooks, see the [Git Documentation](https://git-scm.com/docs/githooks#_hooks).

> **Warning** all hooks are **evaluated as-is** in the terminal. Keep this in mind when committing anything involving changes to your `whisky.json`.

Adding or removing any **hooks** (_not_ individual commands) to your `whisky.json` file should be followed by `./vendor/bin/whisky update` to ensure that these changes are reflected in your `.git/hooks` directory.

> ### Automate Hook Updates
> Add Composer scripts to ensure consistent git hooks for all contributors of a project:
> 
> ```js
> // composer.json
> // ...  
>   "scripts": {
>     "post-install-cmd": [
>       "whisky update"
>     ],
>     "post-update-cmd": [
>       "whisky update"
>     ]
>   }
> // ...  
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Automating Hook Updates
While we suggest leaving Whisky as an 'opt-in' tool, by adding a couple of Composer scripts we can _ensure_ consistent git hooks for all project contributors. This will **force** everyone on the project to use Whisky:

```js
// composer.json
// ...  
  "scripts": {
    "post-install-cmd": [
      "whisky update"
    ],
    "post-update-cmd": [
      "whisky update"
    ]
  }
// ...  
```
```

    ]
  }
// ...  

> ```

Author: @ProjektGopher removing this broke the format in the README
